So where you're successful let's create some modules together.
I'll start with the shopping list module here I'll create a new fall shopping list.
Maggio and I will export my class shopping list.
MARSHALL Just like that of course as you learned.
We have to add DNG module decorator to it and import that decorator from an English court and then just
like with the recipes Marchal we're going to declare everything all components ends on which make up
our shopping list Marchal.
Well here these are only two components.
All the components with shopping list in the name basically.
So the shopping lists component and the shopping list added or are you shopping at a component.
Make sure to also ads to import pauvres.
Now for the same reasons as before I won't add the provider of my shopping list service here because
I want to use that service application wide and I don't want to contain it to that module.
Side note again it would be provide an application wide in the current set up but will soon change something
where that would not be the case anymore or probably not be the case anymore.
And as I don't want that to happen well I will not put it in your in the first place which is a typical
setup to not put it here.
Now with the component set up we also have to think about which modules we use here.
So I will simply import something here.
I don't need to import a shared module because whilst we will need the common module we don't need to
drop down directive so we could import the tier wouldn't hurt our app but it also doesn't make that
much sense.
I will only import the common module and of course add to import Poth from at Anglo or common.
And I will also import the forms all year from at angle reference forms module unlocks all these forms
directives like ngi model Engy model group.
So that's my shopping list module in the app Marchal I can now get rid of the shopping list components
here.
Also remove the imports from the top.
You can already see that this file gets leaner and I can get rid of the form's module import because
we don't use these forms Martial's anywhere else in the app.
Of course if you use energy model including in a two way binding context anywhere else in the app you
have to leave it here.
But you would then still have to import it in your shopping list module because the directives X-post
by the form's module are only enabled in the module where you did import it.
So that's something to keep in mind.
You then would have to import it to modules not just in the module.
That is only true for services.
These are the only elements which only have to be provided once and not in multiple modules.
What we definitely do have to add in the module now is our shopping list.
Marchal.
So let's edit it here and make sure to also add that import path.
Now with that.
What about the routing.
You could create a shopping list routing module where you provide or what you set up all the shopping
list related routes and then use for child just like you saw it here in the rest of his routing module.
If you have a look at this file it makes sense that we created routing files for the recipe routing
while routes.
If we have a look at our app routing file it doesn't make a lot of sense for the shopping list.
We only have one route which is related to shopping list and if we leave the around here or put it into
a sub file away with shopping list routing file.
I don't think we save a lot with that so I will leave it here.
Now of course we use this component to shopping list component here so that means that the app routing
module file where we can remove all the imports where we don't use the types anymore.
We have to leave the shopping list component import here because we are referring to the type.
And now here is something I want to take a closer look at.
I will do so in the next lecture